Basic plot:
	Centuries ago, a calamity known as The Decay took place. It was a 
horrifying event that happened in stages. The first thing that happened was
a giant solar flare that caused a solar EMP to envelope all of Earth.
Machines around the world broke down and even caused several vehicles to
explode. Despite the large scale damage, many thought this solar flare
will pass away and electronic devices will return to normal. However, 
that did not happen. Electromagnetic radiation continued to bombard Earth. 
	If only that was the end of the tragedy. Growing number of reports 
(through mail) of strange creatures being sighted at night caused unrest
among the populace. They were named the Silhouettes since all the reports
only describe their outline. Strange creatures, they are. No one has seen 
one up close. Or if they have, they have not come back to tell the tale.
	It didn't take long before rumours of disappearances to spread. At
first it was only a few people. Nobody thought (or perhaps didn't want to
think) it had anything to do with the Silhouettes. But more and more
people kept disappearing and it became clear this was an urgent issue
that needed to be addressed. Governments assured that the populace that
they will return the missing people and brought in military. New rules
were established to prevent further disappearances. People were no longer
allowed to stay out late and had to be home before sunset. The 
sight of military patrolling the streets only caused more unrest. Due to these
countermeasures the number of disappearances dropped significantly and things
were starting to look good. Governments around the world started to work 
together. International conferences have been planned though communication
was poor due to the lack of instantaneous communication and fast transportation.
Locally, plans were underway to locate the origin of these Silhouettes. 
Then everything changed when the fire nation attacked. Reports now came in
about the disappearances of entire cities overnight.
	Fortunately, the electromagnetic radiation did not permate underground. 
The government made a rash decision. They placed select number of people into 
freezing chambers placed underground with emgergency power that can last 
hundreds of years. Unfortunately, documentation doesn't explain much about what
happened after other than the fact that more and more towns disappeared. From
the current state of the world you can only guess what took place. The people
who have been put in the freezing chambers awoke to a world that was completely
overrun by nature. Barely any remnants of the Old World remain. The 
survivors built small villages and learnt that the Silhouettes generally 
avoids light if not provoked. The survivors also encountered many different
intelligent humanoid creatures. However, differing opinions between survivors
caused disputes and eventually caused groups to break off and form separate 
villages and factions.
	The Felor faction welcomes these new species and treats them like any 
other human being. They learned to work together, often teaching eachother
new things.
	The Revenant faction wishes to eradicate the Silhouettes and bring 
mankind back to its former glory.


Plans for the game:
- villages and factions
- allow trading (buy from one village, sell at another)
- quests for helping transport merchant caravans
- quests to defeat monsters
- dungeons
- jobs (such as alchemist, blacksmith, etc)
- skills (learn using books so you can create your own class)
- exp/level only for jobs. skills and your "class" depend on items/equip that
  you obtain/craft as you explore.
- random encounters?
	- A final fantasy/pokemon style random encounter BUT instead of using turn
	  based skill choosing battle, player will be fighting on a zoomed in map
	  in semi real time.
- crafting?
	- thinking about making items and selling it to towns/factions and possibly
	  giving them a boost
- different recipes/items available depending on which faction likes you.
- deals with the devil?
	- allows you to side with the Silhouettes and kill all of humanity
	- be warned: humanity likes to fight back!
- monster raids occur at timed intervals
	- quest will be given to help prevent attack
	- monsters will level up depending on amount of damage dealt to village
	  such as # of villagers killed


Goal:
ummm...
